Add `labelTags` option for custom label components to `require-input-label` rule (#2053)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/require-input-label.md

* another option is to add an aria-label to the input element.
* wrapping the input element in a label element is also allowed; however this is less flexible for styling purposes, so use with awareness.

## Configuration

 The following values are valid configuration:

* boolean - `true` to enable / `false` to disable
* object -- An object with the following keys:

>   * `allow` -- An array of component names for that may be used as label replacement

Reviewer: Can you rename `allow` to `labelComponentNames` for greater clarity?

Reviewer: Or maybe `customLabelComponents`?

Author: I think this is too long names, you have to read doc and copy it, quite impossible to remember

Reviewer: My concerns are:

* It's not clear what is being allowed by this `allow` option. Someone reading this option will have to look at the doc to understand what it refers to. I think option names should be able to stand on their own ("self-documenting").
* What if there are other types of things we want to allow in the future besides just component names? Using `allow` will make it harder for us to add other types of "allowed" options in the future.

I don't think length matters. People will not be typing this option name often.

Author: How about “allowTags”?

Reviewer: Okay. As long as you think that it will be clear that this refers to custom label component tags/names.

Author: @bmish looks like `labelTags` fits here :)

>   * `allow` -- An array of component names for that may be used as label replacement

Reviewer: Let's mention that this list is in addition to the HTML `label` tag.

```suggestion
  * `allow` -- An array of component names for that may be used as label replacements (in addition to the HTML `label` tag)
```

>   * `allow` -- An array of component names for that may be used as label replacements (in addition to the HTML `label` tag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `allow` -- An array of component names that may be used as label replacements (in addition to the HTML `label` tag)
```
